Computer-Assisted Instruction: Difficulty Levels
Problem 6.38 in p.308 Textbook. Of course, you also need to do 6.35-6.37



Making a Difference As computer costs decline, it becomes feasible for every student, regardles of cconontic circum stance, to have a computer and use it in school. This creates exciting possihilities for improving the educational experience of all students worldwide, as suggested by the following cxercises. (Note. Check out initiatives such as the One Laptop Per Child Project (http://ww.Taptop.org). Also, rescarch "green" laptops-what are some key "gaing green characteristics of these devices? Look into the Electronic Product Envitonmental Assessment Tool (http://www.epeat.net), which can help assess the "greenness of desktops, notebooks and monitors to help you decide which products purchase. 





 6.35 
(Computer-Assisted Instruction) The use of computers in education is referred to as com puter-astited initruction (CAI), Write a program that will help an elementary school student learn multiplication. Use a Secure random objeet to produce rwo positive one-digit integers. The program should prompt the user with a question, such as
How much is6 times 7 
The student then inputs the answer, Next, the program checks the student's anvwer. If it's correct. display message "Very good:" and ask another multiplication question. If the answer is wrong, dispilay the message "No. Please try again." and let the student try the same question repeated until the student finally gets it right. A separate method should be used to generate each new ques- can. This method should be called once when the application begins execution and each time the user answers the question correctly. 



6.36 (Computer-Assisted Instruction: Reducing Studet Fatigue) One problem in CAl environ- ments is student fatigue. This can be reduced by varying the compiuter's responses to hold the stu- dent's attention. Modify the program of Exercise 6.35 so that various comments are displayed for cach answer as follows: 
Possible responses to a correct answer :
Very good !
Excellent !
Nice work ! 
Keep up the good work !

 Possible responses to an incorrect answer: No. Please try again. 
Wrong. Try once more. 
Don't give up! 
No. Keep trying. 

Use random-number generation to choose a number from I to4 that will be used to select one of the four appropriate respotntses to cach correct or inceirrect answer. Use a switch statement to issue the responses. 


6.37 (Computer-Assisted Instruction: Monitoring. Student Performance) More sophisticated computer-assisted instruction systems monitor the student's performance over a period of time. The decision to begin a new topic is often based on the student's sucCesa with previous topics. Modify the program of Exercise 6,36 to count the number of correct and incorrect respomes typeid by thE STudent. 



After the student types 10 answers, your program should calculate the percentage that are correct. If the percentage is lower than 75%, display "Please ask your teacher for extra help" then reset the program so another student can try it. If the percentage is 75% or higher, display "Congratulations, you are ready to go to the next level", then reset the program so another student can try it. 


6.38 (Computer-Assisted Instruction: Difficulty Levels) Exercises 6.35-6.37 developed a com- puter-assisted instruction program to help teach an elementary school student multiplication. Mod- ty the program to allow the user to enter a difficulty level. Ar a difficulty level of 1, the program should use only single-digit numbers in the problems; at a difficulty level of 2, numbers as large as two digits, and so on.
